# CS370

For this project, we were tasked with implementing a Deep-Q Learning algorithm using a neural network to have a "pirate" solve a treasure hunt by finding the "treasure" at the end of a maze. We were provided with most of the code for interacting with the treasure hunting game, as well as the definition of the neural network that we'll use to train, and it was my task to implement the Deep-Q Learning algorithm for that neural network. This consisted in playing through many iterations of the game, and capturing the states of the game environment (the maze) so that those states could be used to train our model so that future iterations of the game would have a better understanding of which actions to take, based on the current state of the game. By combining "exploration" tactics (where we choose a random action) and "exploitation" tactics (where we're using the values given to us by the model), we're able to train a model which is able to solve the maze with a 100% success rate.

Computer scientists gain a deep understanding of how computers work, and use that knowledge in order to create tools and applications for us to use. In a world that is increasingly more and more technological, the need for computer scientists grows every day. As a computer scientist, I approach problems in small chunks, trying to break up my problems until they are much more manageable, and then focusing on each individual task, which eventually leads me to the ultimate goal. It's also vastly important that I remain ethical in my decisions, and how I choose to interact and use these technologies, as including unethical or unhelpful parts of software will only end up hurting end users.
